hey everybody welcome back to Northland
lions unstoppable brimstone menagerie
the binding of issac afterbirth plus we
can't stop getting brimstone is so
problem 6 B K P h2 to J I thought we had
lost the hut on the right side of the
screen but we actually just have my
shadow which completely blends in
damages great rate of fire is actually
excellent the only real problem is our
HP but this is a really really good
start we continue to basically get what
I would describe as squander Abul stars
there's two different kinds of on
squander Abel starts starts that are so
good that you can't conceive pardon me
shots or starts that are so good that
was gross that you can't conceivable
loss and then starts that are so bad
that you can't conceive of calling it
squandered because there's nothing to
squander in the first place but this is
a squander will start to lose this would
be to lose something important so it's
up to us to hold it together here but it
seems relatively easy especially the
sixth sense I will use a Kiki gives the
shop access shop access gives us a
spirit heart probably if we don't get
one through other means you know I don't
know why she swallowed the fly I guess
she'll die it's all a chain of events
got a bomb which we have to go back for
we also start with in my opinion one of
the more interesting space bar items
added to the game recently and that's a
dull razor dull razors got a myriad of
uses you know anything that IV bag can
do except give you the money in the
first place and I guess trigger bloody
lust this can do as well which I mean to
say is basically an opportunity for us
to pay half price to go into the cursed
room just by using dull razor on the way
in let's go bomb the boss one of the
rare blank the blanks that isn't
associated with the troublesome college
initiation process
I suppose salt the snail maybe is fine
as well It's Always Sunny in
Philadelphia you know I'm not really
familiar with that side of things I was
always raised I don't know where I was
going to go with that I was always
raised sort of comment you
see why that doesn't make sense but you
know I was raised on media that was like
first year at college fraternity you're
going to take off your pants people are
going to hit you on the bum with a
paddle then I get to my school and
fraternities are outlawed probably for
that exact reason it was nice to be
honest with you like to not have to deal
with fraternities I suppose didn't
inhibit social life of the school you
know my my alma mater probably the most
famous event added within the last ten
years did well last fifteen years I
guess at this point is that a the
homecoming party a bunch of people
flipped over a car and then lit it on
fire
I know amateurs in some parts of the
world but for Canada that's Coneheads
all right that's a little serious so
nothing well you're just going to bounce
although the secret room is probably up
here yeah you know I have prepared for
fraternity life and by prepared I mean I
did absolutely nothing whatsoever to
prepare for it then it didn't exist not
that I feel ripped off so we can't go
into our shop without using a key but I
don't want to use a key because we could
use the money that we have right now if
we don't spend it on the shop and we
don't need it cuz we got HP anyway but
we can take the money that we have right
now don't spend it on the shop instead
spend it on a chance to go to the arcade
or hold it for a chance to mature into a
chance to make the arcade work for us
you get the idea at this point basically
I want to knock aid and without dull
razor doing anything else for us at all
it makes sense to use this as a way to
as a way to get a little bit more free
money out of the donation out of the
blood bank if it exists what cheers is
also like really good it's a tough call
we're spoiled for choice honestly that's
why it's a squander we'll run you might
say you know NL where you at that party
where the car flipped over no not
necessarily just because I'm a good boy
but at the same time
I was also in twelfth grade I wasn't
about to be like hey mom can I go to the
University party promise we won't flip
over a car and light it on fire because
that would have been a lie I suppose I
would have been guilty by association no
matter what so I was not at that one but
I was at the next probably like the next
three I guess at which point nobody
flipped over cars but instead you go hey
you guys excited to go down an Aberdeen
Street and then we went down to Aberdeen
Street and went it's really crowded here
and there's broken glass everywhere I
don't see the appeal I didn't see the
appeal at the time either but I still
went it was it was to be seen it's a
provocative it gets the people going
alright get cranked down little horn
this strange expression but that's fine
I invented it I think oh we don't want
that I'm sure I don't I don't like that
item it's just not good enough to be
excited about at least but I will go
back for it and of course take it now
because I didn't think they'd keep the
door open for me feel like those doors
have been staying open a lot more often
recently which is honestly good news for
me often times we kind of botch our deal
with the devil plain so for that to work
is good but I don't know if having a
random familiar that tends to be decent
is worth the it's like a months of
passive monster man well basically I
don't know if that's worth the worth the
squeeze
so wow you don't get much luckier than
that so I'm just going to take that as
the universe being like good job son you
know what thank you I appreciate it
two extra keys because we should just
crank on those go in here might be able
to get enough money to buy something but
we don't want any of this junk get out
of here get the trash out of here we're
set dude this is like a really really
good run and you know what dull razor
justified its existence the shears is
also lovely I don't know why I said that
with such a saliva
tone which is not a word probably but
you know it lets to decide what a word
is William Shakespeare I'm trying to
keep politics out of it I apologize but
William Shakespeare shouldn't get to
decide on a word if I say saliva and you
just heard me go Shakespeare you know
what that word means that word is made
we all agree upon the meaning of the
word additive dictionary not just the
urban dictionary but the rural
dictionary as well both kinds of
dictionaries dull razor it might seem
like I mean and right now to be fair we
are in that situation but it might seem
like this is an item it's hard to get
the to really synergize there's actually
so many items in this game that give you
a benefit upon being hit all we need to
do is find some of them even just by
itself if you think you're going to take
damage just pop dull razor and all of a
sudden you can't take damage because
you're in your period of invincibility
but I mean we have the shade so I guess
we really should be popping this like
once every two rooms just to make
another shade but no Anna I don't think
if we I don't think we get a shade with
dull razor which is actually
disappointing throw in a little bit of
HP away for no reason here though no we
totally do disregard or maybe we get a
chance to I don't know it doesn't matter
it's worth once every two of two rooms
trying to spawn one because right now
we're not doing anything else with it
you can be use it as kind of like a
ghetto how to jump but how to jump as no
charge which is why it's a little bit of
a well a lot of a better option if
you're just going for as much
invincibility as possible okay bomb bag
is basically not good for our exact
purposes right now but I also cannot
complain we're about two HP upgrades
away from just kicking the crap out of
the
so I don't perceive bad things happening
in our future here this could be good it
could also be very basically like
completely neutral I suppose this is the
weakest dull razor synergy but at least
it's something because the shade is even
worse when it's just by its lonesome and
I recognize that this is not the most
you know incredible proof of concept for
dull razor but you've seen dull razor
pop off before dull razor turns varicose
veins from like an also-ran into just a
wonderful choice slices and dices makes
julienne fries I always thought as a kid
yeah this expression I don't think it's
used as much anymore it must have been
like a cultural reference to something
that was that happen when I was younger
but it always when they're making fun of
infomercials they say it slices it dices
it even makes julienne fries I always
thought they said julienne fries and I
was like who is this julian fries is it
the inventor of the french fry because i
would love to meet this man and shake
his hand for creating one of my favorite
foods could be worse it could be a slice
of the dices it makes julienne fry yeah
oh jeez I don't know about that third
one slicing and dicing chilling in swill
and relaxing all cool shootin some
b-ball outside of the school I don't
think they were swilling I think his
name is will okay we're going to buy a
spirit art everything else is kind of
junk in here so surprisingly dangerous
situation at least from our HP
standpoint but I do have to recognize my
own role in that taking a lot of damage
throwing away some spirit hearts we had
no reason to lose I will also say though
we I'm going to act like there's no
benefit to this for us but we didn't
have to take both deals with the devil
neither deal with the devil gave us
damage upgrade so it's not like they
were must takes I really took them and
they could be mistakes instead of must
takes clothes ok three bombs plenty of
consumables have them into our item room
yet on this floor lots of room for
improvement
throw some bombs down it's like a great
one-two punch right there so fast come
on give me an undeserved deal with the
devil I'll even take Krampus didn't beat
the odds that's fine
again like we're very lucky the thing
with having a good start is that a good
start doesn't necessarily guarantee a
good run what it does mean is that no
matter what even if you have a couple of
bad floors you're good cool it's a
little close there it's like eating a
good breakfast even the good breakfast
doesn't guarantee your day is going to
go well but what it does mean is that
you know if you got important things
that work that keep you from even lunch
we have into our item removes Bambang
and if you've got a you know important
work stuff that came up out of nowhere
you got to skip lunch you're not going
to be as hungry you know that's why I
wanna NL's travel rules and I'm it
sounds so stupid but so many people in
this career make like I'm not firing
shots they make bad choices with respect
to their health and I'm not talking
about like you know ate too many
hamburgers I eat too many hamburgers
I respect the hamburger poisoning is a
noble way to go what I mean instead
rather is like you know you got to drink
some water you got to eat some food
that's more of what I'm concerned about
so many people when they travel don't
follow NL's travel rules which are very
very simple anytime is the three rules
basically but basically two and one is a
sub rule anytime you get the chance to
go to the bathroom you go to the
bathroom if you're out and one of your
friends has to go to the bathroom
don't let them just go in by themselves
you go take a pee as well it minimizes
the chance that any of you are going to
get stuck in a position where you
urgently have to go to the bathroom to
the point of affecting your plans if
you're already stopping and send one
person to the bathroom everybody that
has even an inkling that they could have
to go to the bathroom in the future
should go to the bathroom it's just a
sensible move you know know your own
body but at the same time recognize if
it's been like eight hours since you
urinated and you're like well I don't
have to go just go you're gonna have to
be what do you think your kidneys
stopped working just go to the bathroom
you weirdo and then the second thing is
whenever you get a chance to eat or
drink we've taken out you take them up
on that offer and the reasoning is
exactly the same with an added benefit
of people are almost always more
pleasant to be around when they're not
starving so it's good for everybody's
mood I think a lot of situations would
resolve themselves if you you know two
people had like a fight and they said
okay we're going to continue this fight
after we eat a sandwich you go eat the
sandwich you come back are you as mad
probably not unless you just say maybe
you're fighting over dinner and it's
over simplified oversimplification here
you know you'd be amazed how many people
don't do that I've been to more
conventions than I should have gone to
basically at this point I've gotten more
conventions of the average human being
goes to in like six lifetimes did that
trip not hurt us or did it take away a
spirit heart I didn't even know existed
you got it like drink water you're at
dinner drink like four lines of water
you're going to thank yourself later go
to the bathroom at the restaurant unless
you want to go to the bathroom or a
convention center but anyway I forgot
why I even got on this topic
oh it's yep because this one i NL z'
rules a traveler they've served me very
well I'm not going to say I never find
myself in positions where I'm out not
hungry or thirsty or you know got to go
to the bathroom when I travel but
they're minimized as a result of these
precautions I don't like the coupon
honestly I don't I think it gets it's
overrated in my opinion
so many streamers like they all you know
like Rob saying that he doesn't have
time to defecate blew me away that's a
non-negotiable thing he's he's got this
weird thing where like I'm a long pooper
and I understand it more than most but
he's like I could take like a half hour
to a 45 minute poop and I don't have a
half hour to 45 minutes to spare today
so I guess I won't poop
that's absurd make the time move
something around to defecate or change
your habits because like that can only
be harmful and like for a while Austin
and maybe even still you know we have
recording sessions sometimes at like 7
p.m. my time which is 8 B 8 p.m. his
times they're having a lot less reason
to discredit you know be the change you
want to see in the world excuse me and
you know he started streaming it like
noon his time or something like that
finishes the stream and then comes on
the to do the recording sessions with us
and then he's like I am really hungry
you know I will achieve today nothing
not you've been up for nine hours you
haven't eaten any food you got a nip
that in the bud
I know few of you out there watching
this because this is a very common
archetype like in high school and I did
it in university as well I'll admit but
you know they'd be like yeah I don't eat
breakfast so I basically wake up at like
6:30 a.m. and wait till lunch and then I
eat what's wrong with that look if you
if you're actually physically ill when
you eat in the morning I understand a
lot of people feel that same way I'm the
exact opposite I wake up with a burning
hunger like every single morning I love
it because breakfast is right around
freaking corner man just go pick it up
best meal of the day but you're going
you know I agree with Austin no the
thing is though just because you've
trained yourself to believe that that's
like you can survive doing that doesn't
mean it's the ideal way to do it dude
wake up have a glass of water you know
eat a banana or something at least and
then come back and tell me that you
don't feel better we perform this
experiment on the show before I had this
anecdote or this exact same tangential
piece of advice and
then I was like just go eat breakfast
for a week if you don't normally eat it
and see how you feel like noon every
single day I got a lot of tweets from
people that were like who would have
thought I feel better after eating
breakfast it's important and you might
say like who doesn't know this that's I
know that's the thing is that's why I'm
surprised I gotta bring it up in the
first place you know there's a lot of
pressure on on the Twitter side of
things especially like always be on
never take breaks and I understand that
but at the same time you've got to eat
man what good is what good is having a
career streaming if you can't have a
bean burrito
you know 15-minute bean burrito break at
times but anyway I'm not a I'm not a
paragon of Health admittedly what I am
is maybe a little older than the average
streamer just just I've matured into an
old man of streaming I guess by virtue
of still being around at this point but
this guy I'm is coming from a place of
love you gotta eat why be stubborn if
you pride worth discomfort sometimes
although 12 hours you know from waking
up until the first meal it's staying
stood never a time where I'm like yeah
I'm glad I'm fasting right now I
apologize this episode might be like mid
Ramadan or something like that and
you're like please stop talking about
fasting I've been doing it for her you
know two weeks at this point or a month
at this point so you know more power to
you I did I did a fundraiser you know
you might not know this but in some
Canadian provinces and I don't know
other parts of the world perhaps in
order to get your high school diploma
you have to do 40 hours of community
service which in hindsight doesn't seem
like that much but at the time was like
I could get in a car accident and get
zero community service potentially but
you know it's good it's good to foster
some community involvement slash
resentment because you're forced into it
but anyway the point is I got super
lucky and before they went wait a minute
this is not that much effort there was a
little fundraiser called the 30 hour
famine which was to you know raise funds
to help a
be a global hunger so what you did is
you stayed overnight at the school let
me just see what this deal with the
devil contains good lord you stayed
overnight in the school and you didn't
eat for 30 hours so you know starting
from like lunchtime on the Friday and
going until like 6:00 p.m. on the
Saturday yeah of course we'll take that
dude dull razor gives us the ability to
actually use these sort of worth it you
didn't need anything so we set up like
you know VCRs and we watched r-rated
movies and this was the mid-2000s which
at the time seemed like you know
everybody's so concerned about safety
and now people are probably like the mid
2000 you could do whatever you wanted
relative to now but anyway played halo
to land parties and stuff like that and
we got thirty hours of community service
for it and it wasn't that bad you know
just to go without food for 30 hours and
put yourself in the shoes of other
people you know for whom that's not an
option and instead you know that's just
the normal way of life it's very sad but
also at the same time it allows you to
it makes it more real I suppose without
putting you on the same level of having
suffered of course but I recognize that
it's not a torture to go thirty hours
without food once enough so I understand
you know you're like I can go without
breakfast every single day is people
around the world do it but you know when
they brought out the pizzas at the end
of the 30-hour famine it was about to be
a freakin riot so don't tell me that the
food is no value man anyway the other
side of that story that I didn't quite
finish was I and everybody did this but
basically like I got thirty hours of
volunteering or community service for
doing the 30 hour famine so essentially
I got three-quarters of my community
service for participating in a
fundraiser in which I basically just did
not eat for thirty hours which was very
easy relative to doing any actual work
and then I got like 10 hours once
because I went to my aunt's office which
was a non-pro
and organization and then she was like
hey can you like set up this router like
okay there you go
she was like hey can you set up this
printer and I was like okay there you go
she's like well you know you're supposed
to be here for like another eight hours
but there's not that much to do but
there is like a couch so if you want to
take a nap go ahead and that's exactly
how that went down and then I just
signed it for ten hours I was there for
ten hours not lying to you and you know
what honestly that's how some of my jobs
at offices had gone after that point as
well you'd be like only Ryan welcome to
the office um okay here's something
here's a little task for you let me know
when you get that done all right it's
done or is the test number two for you
okay oh that's done well you see the way
things actually work is you're supposed
to take as long as is possible without
raising suspicion when you do a task and
as a result you get less work assigned
to you so you can stop bothering me and
instead just fart around at your desk
for like another two and a half hours
before you ask for another assignment
that be sweet because I got important
work to do okay get out of my office so
in that way it was very representative
of adult life oh dude that's a bummer
this run is it's come off the rails
first off we lost the value of Maggie's
fate there which makes me a very sad
individual but we got two HP and our
stats are basically where they were ad
at the start of this run that's why I
say like that's why I mean what you say
that we don't have a guaranteed win we
do have tolerance for having a couple of
floors of garbage and and really we have
had a couple of fours of garbage we only
had a 33% devil deal chance anyway so to
go from a 33% well go from a 33% chance
to a 9% chance is not that bad it's bad
it's worse
but it's it's not like we went from a
hundred to 230 I suppose relatively it's
the same but I don't know if relative
matters that much in this situation okay
um as soon as you drop the Book of
Shadows you're going to lose the effect
of The Book of Shadows so I think you
dull razor Book of Shadows Book of
Shadows no you don't lose it okay so we
don't need to get all of them we just
wanted to get the bookworm
transformation and now we have a satanic
Bible and you know I would love to feel
like I didn't have to take Satanic Bible
and continue with the dull razor which
was still not enabled but it was
eventually going to get there probably
just because of the sheer number of
items that can synergize with it
oh can synergize my favorites MMA
fighter
but we have to go Satanic Bible I think
that's just an insult
give me the quarter when I have 99 cents
I mean I didn't have to pick it up it
could have gone to the shop and spend
some money but it's very unlikely to
matter like let's be honest with one
another here that misplayed 25 cents
with two shops remaining one of which
will almost certainly have greed is not
going to be the winner losing factor
here I think certainly we want this we
don't want little baggy we've already
got the faith of Maggie nice to try 48
hour energy dude okay so apparently
we're actually just going to defensively
ball out of control despite the fact
that we started this run looking like an
offensive powerhouse and also looking
like a fool with a pants on the ground
got your hat turned sideways something
something and good luck go from with
your plants on the ground well we have a
one in eleven chance of making the devil
deal pop it would be nice the rough one
we should have advertised sister vids on
this one honestly it's a much more
dominant factor of this fight you're
going to shoot coward you're only going
to kill a man che guevara also
northernlion Homer Simpson smiling
politely it's actually very easy no deal
with the devil a tears upgrade that
honestly is extremely welcome to this
point and then more spirit hearts that
we could possibly desire but this run is
slowed down absurdly like we started
with such a leg up on a chance to get
the boss rush and now we find ourselves
like it's not going to happen obviously
unless we get mono mega but if we get
mama mega we can also choose our way out
of boss rush which is what we would want
to do because it would take us 230,000
years to actually get through it we're a
happier with Maggie's faith for now
there's a very silly move to try to make
that dodge work but it did work
I'm not really like bitter about this
run I'm just surprised at how things
have turned out it's like the kids are
all right by the offspring sort of
situation although I'm pretty sure the
message of that song that things didn't
turn out all right he's like the kids
aren't all right is the thing I always
like to listen to that song and then
after that I listen to surrender by
cheap trick mummies I'll ride daddy's
I'll rack they just look a little weird
and it's like the kids aren't all right
but mommy and daddy are killing it and
you know what they deserve to it worked
for it man kind of tempted to take one
of the candles but this is working it
was really nice
no no thank you on that one but Stars
carded up the finger is more interesting
I'll meet you 50-50 on that one and we
slightly improved our damage but the
taro cloth is basically the big get
there and being able to choose items
from the bossfight end from our last
item room I mean seven cents basically
bought us a choice on that item room I
think that's a pretty okay deal
we're going to go back for the eihwaz
room I don't really know what I expect
to get out of that I don't want to skip
a floor it's a double chance of the
black market when we got HP to burn
thanks to Maggie's faith is pretty solid
so weird run man today on the northern
lions insights while playing The Binding
of Isaac eating food is good for you
followed by well what a weird run
really have the ability to do the mob
trap room we might just go like try to
get a little bit of pace back underneath
this run what are we looking for an
arcade you don't want to play it because
of the eternal art situation I guess
like a curse room could be good but I
think this is still like probably our
preferred way to go here so we know
we're going to get the polaroid a deal
with the devil would be so nice to just
give us some DPS I recognize that we got
champion belt but you can't build a
winning run on champion belt alone you
know champion belt lump of coal and a
good start it carries you for a while
but you know then little Kimmi won't in
the middle of the night that don't
impress me much so you got DPS but do
you get the touch now we did get a deal
I mean ever closer to eventually making
guffy pops essentially we don't need the
money because we actually cannot make
the hush fight think I've got all these
you know mapping tools I don't know what
a Waze did there with taro cloth but it
did give me a crawl space dude that's
pretty funny let's go oh we broken him I
thought he was just going to keep
ricocheting or Nicola Shang
that's right being the founder and
principal member of the fifth best boy
band from the 1990s Wow late 1990s ago
then we got to start talking about New
Kids on the Block and you know menudo
and that one that Ricky Gervais is was
part of
swallowed penny is actually more useless
than useless
it takes away in HP upgrade so there's
like several of HP upgrades potentially
so stay away from that basically that's
a pretty easy decision to make we've
chosen not the poison here dude I am
worried that eventually in the future
I'm going to make like the world's most
paranoid dad you know how many searches
I have on my phone for like is it okay
for a cat to eat blank because you'd be
surprised like I didn't used to be
paranoid about this kind of stuff but I
bring it up because for you and me where
I live don't need poison hey should I
eat this plastic bag no you dummies
don't eat the plastic bag don't even
give me the classic' internets devil's
advocate what if you hit pikas okay what
if you're in the point zero point zero
zero five percent of the population that
is freaking pica yeah okay don't eat the
plastic bag still if you can help it but
I understand that there's underlying
issues that make it seem more you know
desirable than it actually is in reality
I'm just saying you still shouldn't eat
the plastic bag this is against the
point of the conversation cats have no
idea and you have to appreciate that I
guess from a cat standpoint although
they're incapable of having this thought
consciously they live in an alien
civilization like we are a benevolent
superior sorry but it's true you ever
seen a cat go to the friggin moon just
throwing that out there that's a very
homo sapien centric look of progress NL
okay look I'm proud of my species
alright we've done some good stuff and
some just god-awful stuff but you know
some good stuff as well it's not all the
head this will take little even and
we've built all these structures that
are like hey nice planet remember when
you used to jump around in that tree
well that tree is now a 100 story tie up
our 100 story high apartment building
but you can live in it and we'll give
you food and water and your limes are
going to become
Boleyn well don't worry within a few
dozen generation will just breed it so
you like captivity anyway and it'll be a
good relationship for all of us you know
cats sold out and they were smart to do
it because worth you know killing it and
anyway the point is they don't know
what's poison what's not poison my cat
routinely will love we have two cats but
one in particular Ruka will fight tomo
bite fur off of Tomos body and then eat
it in some kind of weird display of like
now part of you is inside of me and like
I'm eating your courage or something
like that it's very primal and then an
hour later you'll just throw up in front
of our bedroom door and the throw up is
just cat hair thanks a lot for that now
that's like ignoring all the plants that
dude conehead saved me there all the
plants that can see that cats can't eat
literal garbage that just falls on the
ground like here's a little short list
for you garlic and anything in the
garlic family so shallots garlic
obviously I don't know about ginger I
don't think gingers the kind of garlic
you just lump them together cuz they're
used a lot but they might be better safe
than sorry right
grapes lilies poinsettias you know many
different flowers that you just go to
the you go to the florist and be like
hey give me some pretty flowers oh thank
you here's a lot of money to go home and
you're like oh you just introduced like
an actual weapon of mass destruction to
your to your cat you know coffee that's
the one I got me because I'm making this
cold brew requires you leaving the
coffee grinds out sitting in water and
now I'm like I got to put this on like a
shelf hidden away because caffeine cats
don't apparently possess the necessary
metabolic pathways to process and so it
kind of builds up as a toxin in their
blood so now I'm like these are cats I
love them like they're my child every
night before I go to bed I do a
once-over the whole apartment and I go
you know it's going to trust me doesn't
take too long we live in Vancouver but
we
like I do it once overnight okay any
like sharp things sticking out anything
they could potentially like choke on and
die because you're like I'm on one hand
you're like Mother Nature is pretty
smart
you know they've lived for hundreds of
thousands of years in a similar form to
what they're at now they'll probably
handle it and I accept that I do but at
the same time there's like a rash of
like cats falling out of high-rise
windows lately and that reminds you
you're like wait but we've kind of read
them to be a little dumb as well like
they're clever sometimes but they can
still be like you know I'm on a window I
slipped and now I'm you know fallen
eight stories or something like that not
a good thing
sure they might they might live when
they land but you know injury and trauma
and then they're lost
etc as you get the idea so they're cats
so I'll you know I love them like
they're children
well they're not children in the sense
that like it's not quite the same if
your cat eats a chocolate bar as it is
if your kid like swallows a bunch of
Drano so I'm I'm a little in the back of
my head not that it's on the to-do list
for like the next five years but I'm a
little worried that I'm going to be like
the world's most worried dad I like when
the kid becomes 10 15 you know whatever
that I'm gonna go out with my friends
dad okay don't accidentally take that no
please that's the big one
apart from that you're probably how kids
are the kids will be kids right to
figure it out but when they're like zero
years old I was like just nightmares of
just waking up and you're like oh the
baby got his head stuck in between the
bars of his crib but he's alive but this
image will haunt you forever you know
that's what I'm that's the kind of stuff
I'm worried about see I think my mom was
actually the opposite to some extent
she's a lot better about it now because
I'm like an adult but when I was when I
was a kid like a young kid my mom was
like play outside go nuts then when I
got older when I got into the teenage
stuff
she was like a little bit more nervous
which was completely uncalled for
because I was like actually the most
well-liked a cartoonishly well-behaved
teenager you know I'm like a little
hanging out with my friend Michael al
Fox don't do drugs we think we're to do
drugs we're going to play like you know
brute force on the original Xbox it's
flattering that you think I'm going to
his house to do drugs nobody else is in
schools draw on that conclusion and tell
you that much
yeah we're now I'm going to go over to
his house we're gonna work on a report
about impairs law one of Maxwell's
equations that describes the
electromagnet behavior of
electromagnetism but thanks for thinking
we're going to inject some crocodile it
makes us sound a lot cooler than we
actually are I guess society's eyes yeah
definitely like she was more nervous as
as I got older I think I'm going to be
the opposite but who knows man that's
the thing I'm sure you know everybody's
like this is how I'm going to be as a
parent and then you actually have a
child and you go would oh what are these
changes happening to me on a
neurological level right now that's why
I wouldn't deign to know I got roasted
so hard there was an onion article you
know the satire humor publication the
quarterly the periodical from The Onion
News Network it was like 27 year old man
sage Lee gives advice to 24 year old man
I was like that's these videos at least
I always go but I'm still a young man
and I don't know what I'm talking about
and it's brazen to give advice regards
what am I getting a hit by dude I don't
understand I'm actually I think the
broken I I don't know what's happening I
think the broken modem causes some shots
to get stuck in the air but they're
sprites glitch out and then I'm like
walking into the shots
I was actually losing it temporarily
there it was nice we got to talk about
some stuff that was not isaac related
for like five minutes there because the
run started to pop off now it's in a
dangerous position again but we'll still
probably be fine i don't know how i lost
so much HP again i think it is an insult
when they give me voi access before the
chest especially with the arrow rune i'm
not going to do it
void is not that fun to justify skipping
you know sixteen free items it's not fun
enough to justify skipping four items
please more passives peepers a passive
at before ax is a good passive who use a
properly metal plate i never remember
what it does euthanasia is good the
relic is great but bombs is fine and
tech x is game winning mom's bra is
useless mostly 2020s lovely x-ray vision
largely irrelevant zodiac ranges from
sort of good to sort of bad anemic it's
irrelevant blank card doesn't matter
obsessed fan mostly for Beelzebub and
demon baby so in the end I mean turned
out pretty well I can't with good
conscience say that in the end it
doesn't even matter because in the end
it did matter here we got some very good
stuff as a result of the extra effort we
put in there so I'm a happy camper we're
going to just steamroll now I'm not
salty about the way that the game went
but we're going to come through in the
clutch regardless hello Kate how's it
going
that is easily doable not a not a
problem whatsoever and in this run right
here approximately 10 to 90 seconds
because this is fallen out of control
it's on a level that mankind is never so
she's left she left in the middle of
that description that's okay we are
going to be done soon what's up with
these restaurants man
8:30 p.m. on a Sunday
my ideal dinner time maybe two hours
from now but there are like only a
clothes spend time with our families
come on dude what about those of us who
choose to wake up it 11:00 a.m. and then
eat an exceptionally late dinner you
know where's our where's our recognition
this is inside baseball enough on an
actual level that is not even worth
talking about beyond just the byline but
Vancouver actually does sort of stink
from like an after 10:00 p.m. food
perspective there's a lot of like like
every place closes at 8:00 and I'm not
complaining cuz like you know I've lived
in a small town for a lot of my life I
understand you're like well it's 8 p.m.
should we go out for dinner well there's
only three places in the whole town that
are open Shea McDonald's the maison de
the king of burgers and you know we
really hurried Pizza Hut might serve us
so I you know I've lived that life but
for a city of three million people is
prising lack of like 24-hour joints of
the food variety anyway hey for now
thanks for watching
finish strongly on this run if you
enjoyed it click the like button I'll
set a great deal of course subscribe
y'all see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time